2.x backwards compatibility (#95)
Intralogistics-2X-LIF/Layout-Interchange-Format: LIF.md

| Object structure | Unit | Data type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | action { |  | JSON-object | Refers to VDA5050 action definition. All properties that have the same name are meant to be semantically identical. |

Author: ```suggestion
| action { |  | JSON-object | Refers to VDA 5050 action definition. All properties that have the same name are meant to be semantically identical. |
```

- If aMaximum/bMaximum are defined but aMinimum/bMinimum are not, any value of the minimum equal to or less than the corresponding maximum is assumed to be valid.
- If neither pair of aMinimum/aMaximum or bMinimum/bMaximum are defined, the fleet control may send any value when compiling an order.

> In the case that an ellipse is not supported by either the mobile robot or by VDA 5050 version (e.g., 2.1 or prior), the fleet control system must choose a single radius within the minimum and maximum bounds of both a and b when dispatching an order, using aMinimum as the smallest possible radius and bMaximum as the largest possible radius.

Author: ```suggestion
In the case that an ellipse is not supported by either the mobile robot or by VDA 5050 version (e.g., 2.1 or prior), the fleet control system must choose a single radius within the minimum and maximum bounds of both a and b when dispatching an order.
```
